hey guys enter here for episode two of
blind bag extravaganza which I've
decided to call it five minutes that
from anyone actually check but um so
this episode I am going to be opening at
the moshi monsters national series one I
did find insect Goodwill for as you can
see 50 Cent's and I got four of them the
packaging there's six to collect and
there's one mystery I'll do that
and here are the six you can collect
like where they want the gingerbread man
and ecto but I do have four so there
hopefully I'm getting doubles hopefully
but I can get four different ones to add
to my collection so that's good I think
it just open any stupid tears have
for the first one oh can we check the
paper at first oh it's like a little tag
so if anybody wants not there you go I
don't really buy anything so the first
one we got is this one who is Iggy oh
he's so cool or she I don't know oh
they're so squishy oh that's so cool I
guess that's our our first one here's
this little thing for anyone who wants
it cause our second one is oh my gosh
it's a really good chicken
DJ quack that's adorable
oh my gosh is so cute
oh I got one that I wanted code for
anyone who wants it Hecht oh yeah I got
act uh oh my gosh yeah I got three
different ones out of the four so
hopefully this will be a fourth and
final new one I'm not sure if I'll be
able to find these again oh I got
another another biggie but he's so cute
so that's okay I want it so sporty I'm
going to take this one the work uses a
stress ball kind of thing oh that's so
cool okay so although I can't stand up
these are the four that I got these are
really really cool I hope I can fight oh
god I hope I can find more of these I
probably won't though I've actually seen
them in stores or anything so probably
not gonna get to buy anymore at these
but you never know so yeah um Emma sewed
three coming up very very soon I don't
know what okay I've when I'm opening yet
so check out the next video to find out
bye guys